[THEME MUSIC]
>>GEORGE NOORY: In July
of 1969, two Americans
stepped foot on the moon.
Or did they?
A lot of people have questioned
that possibility, as well.
In a moment, you will hear
"Ken's Moon," right here
on "Beyond Belief."
>>A former NASA
consultant believes
the agency is hiding evidence
that aliens live on the moon.
Dr. Ken Johnston, one of four
civilian astronaut consultant
pilots from the
Apollo moon program,
is a retired aerospace
engineer, US Marine,
and NASA whistleblower.
Instead of destroying evidence
of ancient lunar cities,
Ken has been disseminating
his findings online
and in his book series
entitled "Ken's Moon."
He also donated a
trove of evidence
to Roswell's International UFO
Museum and Research Center.
Ken speaks about the
cover-up, as well as
his failed bid for the
Mars One mission, today
on "Beyond Belief."
>>NOORY: Ken, welcome
to "Beyond Belief."
It's great to have
you as a guest.
>>KEN JOHNSTON: Thank
you very much, George.
>>NOORY: You know, you've
done a great job for us
on the "Coast to
Coast" radio show,
and I'm really looking
forward to this,
and this vital
amount of information
that you have brought with you.
>>JOHNSTON: It's about time
to bring it all forward.
I've kept a lot of it secret
for almost 50 years now.
And I've had a lot of
encouragement, said gotta
get it out to the public
to where everybody knows.
And then I'm a lot safer.
>>NOORY: Just so everybody
knows right from the outset,
you believe that we went
to the moon, correct?
>>JOHNSTON: There is
no doubt in my mind.
And I guess the
easiest way to say
it is where I've had
people that come in that
had the question in their
mind, because they've
seen fake movies or fake things
about being on the moon--
>>NOORY: Pictures and things.
>>JOHNSTON: --until
they sit down with us
and look at the hundreds
of thousands of people that
were involved in
getting us to the moon,
and look at the actual evidence
and the records and things
that I have in my archive.
Then they come to
realize absolutely we
did go to the moon.
>>NOORY: OK, now let's
go back to the beginning
for Ken Johnston.
>>JOHNSTON: All right.
>>NOORY: How did you get
involved in the space program?
>>JOHNSTON: Oh,
well, if you don't
mind if I jump all
the way back, my dad
was a pilot in the World
War II as a bomber pilot,
and he lost his life there.
The only pictures
I had was of him
in his flight suit and things.
And I wanted to grow up and be
like my dad and become a pilot.
Well, as time went
on and I wound up
going to military school and
then off to the Marine Corps,
and then to officer pilot
training in Pensacola,
where I learned to fly.
And then when I finished up
my tour with the Marine Corps,
I went to Houston, where my
brother, Dr. AR Johnston,
was one of the
engineers that helped
design the lunar
receiving laboratory--
>>NOORY: Great.
>>JOHNSTON: --for us, and
the big vacuum chamber.
So he said, come to
Houston, you'll find a job.
Well I went down to
Houston and applied
at five of the top
aerospace companies,
and received great offers
to go to work for them.
I went to work for the
Grumman Corporation that
built the lunar module.
That's where we got started.
>>NOORY: And in you went.
And then you started evolving
into the program, I guess.
>>JOHNSTON: Absolutely.
The-- first of all, we had to
go through all the same training
courses that the regular
astronauts did, the four of us.
We were classified as civilian
astronaut consultant pilots.
We were not NASA
astronauts, but we
were the test pilots that tested
the lunar module and the vacuum
chamber.
So when we got the
lunar module down there,
that was our job to do that,
and get it all checked out.
>>NOORY: Did you know people
like Yeager and those folks?
>>JOHNSTON: I met
Chuck Yeager once.
I also met Dr. Wernher von
Braun in one of the reviews
that we have on being
sure all the equipment was
ready to go for each test.
>>NOORY: Now what about
the original astronauts?
>>JOHNSTON: All seven of them.
>>NOORY: Did you meet--
you knew them all, huh?
>>JOHNSTON: I-- in fact, in
my lunar spacecraft logbook,
where I kept just like a
regular pilot's logbook,
I kept the signatures of
everyone that I ran into.
And now I'm looking
back at that book,
and I've got a little over
72 some odd astronauts that
have signed my
logbook in which I
have just about all of the
original seven signed it,
as well.
>>NOORY: I've always tested
people, younger people,
to ask them if they knew who the
original seven astronauts were.
And they can get maybe one or
two names, and then that's it.
>>JOHNSTON: I mix them up
sometimes with the second
group, but you've got--
>>NOORY: Let's see
if we remember.
Ready?
>>JOHNSTON: OK.
>>NOORY: Let's go with--
and you correct me.
Alan Shepard.
>>JOHNSTON: Alan Shepard.
>>NOORY: John Glenn.
>>JOHNSTON: John Glenn.
>>NOORY: Wally Schirra.
>>JOHNSTON: Wally Schirra.
>>NOORY: Gus Grissom.
>>JOHNSTON: Gus Grissom.
>>NOORY: Scott Carpenter.
>>JOHNSTON: Uh-huh.
>>NOORY: That's five.
>>JOHNSTON: Yep.
>>NOORY: [GROANING]
>>JOHNSTON: Deke Slayton.
>>NOORY: Deke Slayton.
>>JOHNSTON: OK.
>>NOORY: And one more.
>>JOHNSTON: Gordon Cooper?
>>NOORY: Gordon Cooper.
>>JOHNSTON: There we go.
>>NOORY: That's it.
We got 'em all.
All amazing Americans.
>>JOHNSTON: Absolutely.
And only thing that I
struggle with a lot,
because I was the youngest kid
on the block, I was only 26,
and almost all the astronauts
were 10, 15, 20 years older
than me.
And now I'm getting all
this information out,
unfortunately so many of
them are no longer here
in the flesh with us.
>>NOORY: That's right.
>>JOHNSTON: I greatly
miss them, but I just
find it difficult to
believe that I really
had the opportunity to work
with all these great people,
and to do the things that
we did back in those days.
>>NOORY: Did you want
to become an astronaut,
or were you just in training?
>>JOHNSTON: Oh, no, the
moon wasn't my goal.
Mars has always been
my dream and goal.
The moon, the goal was to
help get us to the moon
and get us back.
For what-- John F
Kennedy, that was
the goal for the United States.
So I've been as high,
oh, over 10 miles high,
almost suborbital,
but not quite,
and flying in the fastest
thing I ever flew in
was an F-4 Phantom when I
was in the Marine Corps.
But the opportunity to actually
go into orbit and go into space
has not yet been real--
but I still have goals.
If you don't have
a goal, your dreams
are going to fall apart, but.
>>NOORY: So you were part of
a program, the Apollo program,
as well, when the
tragedy occurred.
>>JOHNSTON: Yes.
>>NOORY: Of course, when
we lost three astronauts--
>>JOHNSTON: Right.
>>NOORY: --in that capsule.
That put us behind
some time, didn't it?
>>JOHNSTON: It set us
back for about a year.
Now my first cousin,
Dr. Donald Garrett,
was with the Air
Force as a captain.
He was one of the test
pilots for the Air Force
with NASA to test the command
module in the vacuum chamber,
just like my group
tested the lunar module
in Chamber B, the small one.
And Donald was at the Cape,
and had just switched--
set all the switches up
for the plugs out test.
That's where the spacecraft
is all powered up by itself.
And he actually tapped
Grissom, Chaffee, and White
on the helmets as
they went in, and he
got in his plane flying
back, and he got the word
there'd been a fire and
that we'd lost all three.
And it's-- we-- even with
tragedies, we do learn.
>>NOORY: We do learn.
>>JOHNSTON: We do learn.
>>NOORY: And we've had, of
course, two space shuttle
tragedies, as well.
>>JOHNSTON: Yes, we have.
And I played a very
interesting part,
particularly in the
second tragedy, because--
>>NOORY: Columbia.
>>JOHNSTON: Uh-huh.
I actually did the testing
of the tile repair kit,
and using a manned
maneuvering unit
to be able to fly up
close to the shuttle
and be able to use this putty,
which very-- same consistency
as Skippy peanut butter.
But then I have
pictures and reels
of showing me fully
suited up with a chain
going up two stories high so
I could simulate zero gravity
on Earth doing tunnel repair.
And they actually carried
the tile repair kits
on the first three missions.
>>NOORY: Oh, jeez.
>>JOHNSTON: But the
decision was made, well,
we could save the MMU and
the stuff about 1,500 pounds.
It's because we're
doing so good.
And that's the problem,
I think, that we made,
is we were so
fortunate and so lucky
that we were just thinking,
you know, well, we'll try.
And we--
>>NOORY: We'd gotten
a little careless.
>>JOHNSTON: It got careless.
>>NOORY: I think so.
>>JOHNSTON: I knew all of
them except for-- personally,
except for the woman
teacher that was on board.
And it's always been
very personal because
of being involved as I was.
I got to work with each
and every one of them.
>>NOORY: Ken, I want to get
into the moon landing with you.
I mean, you and I agree
that we landed on the moon.
>>JOHNSTON: Absolutely.
>>NOORY: And we've had
people on the moon.
But there are a lot
of skeptics out there
who don't think we were there.
So I want to look
at a piece of video
and have you and I comment
on what we're looking at.
>>JOHNSTON: All right.
>>NOORY: A lot of people
say pictures were faked
and everything else.
So let's take a look at that.
[VIDEO PLAYBACK]
>>Those photographs
can be demonstrated
not to have been taken
on the lunar surface.
Now, if they were not
taken on the lunar surface,
there's only one other place
they could have been taken,
and that's on Earth.
Documentary evidence from all
six of the successful Apollo
landings show similar anomalies.
In some, areas lit
from behind which
should be in deep shadow are
bright and perfectly visible.
In other pictures, the shadows
are at near right angles,
suggesting two
separate light sources.
Perhaps most surprisingly,
there are no stars
in the Apollo photographs,
even though they
were taken from space.
When the archived
film is sped up,
the astronauts appear to
be running at normal speed
and terrestrial gravity.
And why does the flag appear
to be fluttering in a breeze,
even though there's
no wind on the moon?
[END PLAYBACK]
>>NOORY: So Ken, some
of those questions
seem to be justified, right?
>>JOHNSTON: On the surface.
>>NOORY: How do we
answer some of that?
The waving of the
flag, for example.
Clearly, it looked like
it was in a breeze.
>>JOHNSTON: Now, you
have to understand
that the flag had a
bar across the top,
and it had weights
down at the bottom.
>>NOORY: All right.
>>JOHNSTON: And also,
on the lunar surface,
when they're moving,
they're kicking up
lunar dust that hits the pole
and causes the pole to shake.
And that's where you
got the wave in there.
It wasn't from air in a
studio or something like that.
Now, some of the
other ones, where
you had that 'C' on
the rock and stuff
like that, now we know very
well that the government,
anytime that they're going to
do a dangerous situation that
might reflect upon
the political machine,
they're going to put out
a very positive report.
Oh, we landed on the moon.
We did this.
It was great.
Or oh, it was a
terrible tragedy.
So they have a backup.
And I have no
problems with the fact
that there are some faked
movies or videos of what we did.
But whenever you go and
you look at the moon,
you look through
Hubble-- and you
can do that as
private citizens now,
they can take time
and use that-- they
can zoom in on each one
of the landing sites.
And there's the descent
stage sitting there,
there are the tracks that we
made on the lunar surface.
There's the rovers
parked on the moon.
Now, how did they get
there if we didn't go?
Now, people talking about that
stuff don't do their research.
They just jump on
something for publicity.
>>NOORY: See, I've always
said, re-creation photos--
>>JOHNSTON: Yes.
>>NOORY: --may have been
mixed in with the originals,
giving those people the
credence to say we never went.
Is that possible?
>>JOHNSTON: I wasn't aware
of any of them being mixed in
with the originals, because
having the privilege of being
there at the lunar
receiving laboratory
and working directly
with the photo lab
to issue the pictures of
samples and in orbit--
and that brings up the
things about stars.
I actually was
present in the room,
and seeing
professional strippers,
as they call themselves.
They would take a
photograph, they'd
get a positive transparency,
blow it up to 8x10,
and over light tables
they would paint out
stars and things,
and/or things that
were of controversy
they didn't think
that we were old enough or
mature enough to look at.
>>NOORY: Oh?
Like anomalies?
>>JOHNSTON: Like anomalies.
Like-- and one of the
quickest, easiest ways,
if you're looking at a picture
of an astronaut on the moon
and you want to know
if it's been doctored,
look for the antenna coming up
from the portable life support
system on his back.
It's a very skinny little
antenna sticking up
from the right-hand
side of the PLSS.
And if it's painted
out, because you
can't paint right up to
the edge of a quarter inch
or half-inch
diameter antenna, we
use that a lot when we're going
through my archive of pictures
about, whoop, you can see
here they painted out.
Sure.
And then nowadays, with
the digital things,
you can look at the different
pixels of how they painted
or airbrushed things out.
We didn't have
airbrush back then.
>>NOORY: So Ken, in 1969, in
July, when we land on the moon
and Armstrong comes out
and Aldrin comes out
of the lunar lander,
they talk about seeing--
this is what we've
heard-- objects
on the other side of a crater.
What did they see?
>>JOHNSTON: And
again, I try to stick
with things I have
firsthand information on.
This comes into secondhand
because of an acquaintance
I had that was at
mission control,
and later was confirmed
by a ham operator that--
>>NOORY: Someone you trust?
>>JOHNSTON: I did, yes.
>>NOORY: OK.
>>JOHNSTON: Very much.
He's not with us anymore.
He said that-- and I may be
paraphrasing a little bit--
the signal came back,
he says, they're here.
They're watching us.
They're on the
rim of the crater.
But this was after
he-- and I got
dinged on saying
that he switched
to the private medical
channel, but in reality
the mission director would
tell you, OK, everybody
switched off.
And they switch
everybody off, and just
allows him to talk directly
with either the medical officer
or with the mission
control operator.
That's how those signals
and the communications
happened so that
the masses of people
in mission control at the
time weren't privy to that.
>>NOORY: Repeat what
you just said about what
Armstrong may have said.
>>JOHNSTON: Is that they're
here, they're watching us,
they're on the
rim of the crater.
>>NOORY: What could that be?
>>JOHNSTON: Well, I think Buzz
Aldrin summed it up pretty
good in his last
statement when he
talked about the light craft.
It got pretty close to him
on their way to the moon.
And he says, in
reality, since nobody
knew what it was, it is an
unidentified flying object.
>>NOORY: I mean,
and at that time,
we didn't have a
lot of paraphernalia
up there in space, did we?
>>JOHNSTON: No, we did not.
We did not.
In fact, Neil and
Buzz-- shouldn't
say Buzz-- talked
about this bit,
that he and Neil talked
about, well, what can we do?
We need to find
out what this is.
But we don't want to
tell them that we're
being followed by
a UFO to the moon,
or they'll cancel our mission.
So they chose to
call mission control
and say, uh, where's the SRB?
>>NOORY: Yeah.
>>JOHNSTON: It's not a
rocket but-- not a SRB,
but the main rocket that gave
them the final push to put
them--
>>NOORY: That pushed them up
>>JOHNSTON: --in
the trans-lunar--
>>NOORY: Before separate--
>>JOHNSTON: Right.
>>NOORY: After it separated.
And there was a long pause, and
mission control finally said,
it's about so many
thousands of miles
away, which means they
couldn't have seen it.
>>NOORY: It couldn't
have been that one.
>>JOHNSTON: But it was their
way of alerting mission control
that there was something
following them.
>>NOORY: Could it have
been the Russians?
>>JOHNSTON: No.
No.
The-- yes, they did send craft
to orbit the moon before we
did, unmanned.
And then there are some
questions about whether or not
they actually tried to
get a man on the moon that
died in the process.
I've read about those.
>>NOORY: I've heard
stories about that.
>>JOHNSTON: Then again,
it's second, third-hand,
so I'm not privy to it for real.
>>NOORY: I have been told that,
because of that space race,
and the effort to land
a human on the moon
was so intense, that even
we were in a position
to land a man on the moon
and not bring him back just
to say we did it first.
>>JOHNSTON: That was--
>>NOORY: Had you heard that?
>>JOHNSTON: That was discussed.
That was discussed.
And I'm sure we had guys
that were willing to make
that sacrifice to do it.
The men and later women
that became the astronauts,
they had the determination
and the intestinal fortitude
to be willing to sacrifice
themselves for our country,
to keep America great.
I think we've lost
a lot of that.
>>NOORY: Yeah, we sure did.
So in your opinion, Ken,
>>JOHNSTON: Yes, sir.
>>NOORY: In your
vast experience,
what do you think Armstrong
was making reference to?
>>JOHNSTON: Well, the
only-- in my impression,
and from what I've seen
from the anomalies that
I've discovered on
the lunar surface,
it had to have been
craft, extraterrestrial.
And I feel very comfortable
in admitting the fact
that we have been observed
for quite some time.
>>NOORY: And they
were watching us.
>>JOHNSTON: And they
>>NOORY: Ingo Swann,
the late remote viewer,
in a book called "Penetration,"
talked about remote viewing
the far side of the moon.
Our government used
him in secret programs,
along with his staff.
He says in that book that he
saw structures on the moon
on the far side.
>>JOHNSTON: Right.
>>NOORY: Structures by whom?
>>JOHNSTON: OK, that brings
up a very important point.
It's in my book.
And I've got the
publicity out right now--
>>NOORY: "Ken's
Moon," by the way.
>>JOHNSTON: Here you go.
>>NOORY: Go ahead.
Tell us.
>>JOHNSTON: Doctor
Thornton Page,
who was in charge of the
Lunar and Planetary Science
Department, where visiting
scientists would come and stay
and work during each mission, he
asked me to check out Apollo 14
16-millimeter sequence--
>>NOORY: That's Edgar
Mitchell's flight.
>>JOHNSTON: Yep, it's Edgar
Mitchell's flight, right.
And set up a private
showing for him
and six other of the
scientists in a building
right next to the
mission control building.
I did that, where--
I've said it--
I learned how to run those
kind of gun sequence camera
projectors, where you can
freeze it, you can zoom in,
you can zoom out, you
can go frame at a time.
So it was important to do that.
I'm showing this
particular-- I checked it out
of bonded storage
at the photo lab,
set up the cameras and
the gentleman over there,
and I started
showing the picture.
We're coming around on
the backside of the moon
towards Crater Tchaikovsky.
Now, very quickly, of the
hundreds or even the thousands
of craters, why is
this one crater,
Tchaikovsky get
mentioned so many times
if it wasn't important?
That's just a side point here.
So here we're approaching
Tchaikovsky Crater.
And the sun angle at
the time on the moon
was like half moon phase,
so half of the crater
was in shadow.
But as we're going
there, there's
this-- in the shadowed
part of Tchaikovsky
are these five domes.
And the best way to describe
it is if you take your hand,
turn it palm up, and bring
your fingers together, and look
at it from on top, you've
got five little bubbles,
or five domes.
And one of them had a column
or a steam sticking up.
Dr. Page had me freeze it,
zoom in, zoom back, freeze it,
go in, stop.
And finally, he turned
to the other guy
and said, well, boys,
what do you think of that?
And they all laughed.
It was an inside joke.
I didn't think about that
until years later that Dr.
Page knew exactly what was on
that reel because he had me
check out that
specific 15-minute--
>>NOORY: What did
it look like to you?
>>JOHNSTON: They--
like glass domes.
And these things would have--
I'm looking at-- no, oh.
And I had been unable to prove
that to anybody for decades,
until my graphics
illustrator happened
to get a hold of a
copy of the reel,
and later a transcribe
of the astronauts
talking back and forth.
And they were talking, wow,
looking through this section,
like wow, look,
there's Tchaikovsky.
Oh, and look at that.
It's dark in the crater,
and it's all there.
Now, that's basically
the transcribe
of where they're coming.
So what he found is a doctored
picture, or part of the reel,
of Tchaikovsky Crater
and that shadow.
But by shifting the light with
the modern technology we have,
it brought up the bubbles.
You can see a-- it had
been painted over, but not
enough to get rid of all of it.
And you can actually see there
are five little points of light
and this one big glow
in the dark shadow.
So we now have some
proof that what
I had shown to them back
in 19-- mercy, 1970, '71,
that there was a base
there on the moon.
Now, since then, we've come up
with an even better-- I mean,
absolute irrefutable proof
of a base on the moon.
>>NOORY: Oh, really?
>>JOHNSTON: Before we
were capable of it.
>>NOORY: And let's
talk about this base.
>>JOHNSTON: All right.
>>NOORY: Who put it there?
Did we put it there in
a past civilization?
>>JOHNSTON: Were we capable
of doing that in 1971?
The answer is no.
>>NOORY: Were we capable of
doing it a million years ago?
What if this planet--
>>JOHNSTON: That's
a possibility.
>>NOORY: What if this planet
had incredible technology
that somehow got
obliterated, and we have just
started over again?
And so maybe we went to the
moon a million years ago.
Possible?
>>JOHNSTON: There
are ancient texts,
the ancient Sumerian
texts, the Indian--
>>NOORY: That talked
about the flying Vimanas.
>>JOHNSTON: Right.
All of those.
They talk about
our high technology
existence in past times.
So what you're saying
is a possibility,
that it could have
been our stuff,
or the remnants of
our civilization
from back then that are still
watching how we've recovered
and where we are now.
Are we going to
blow ourselves up?
Are we going to join the
intergalactic federation
of sentient beings, if you will.
So it could be.
>>NOORY: How big
were the structures?
>>JOHNSTON: OK.
And here's the photo
number, if you-- if anybody
wants to copy it down.
And that's AS15-88-11970.
That will show you the Apollo
15 command module with the lunar
surface below it.
And mind you, I had this picture
in my archive for 44 years.
And I'd only looked
at the command module,
because I'm a pilot.
That's what was important to me.
My artists-- and the people
around here that are artists
will admit the
fact that they use
a different part of their
brain to look at things.
And he's saying, no, but look
what's on the lunar surface.
I said, what are you talking?
And he has me look at it.
And it's in my
book, and it's now
in the archives at the
Roswell museum, all of it.
You can-- you look at,
and there's at least
a dozen or more domes in
perfect little alignments.
They're in grids.
They're all set up there.
And then there are
some larger ones--
>>NOORY: Clearly not natural.
>>JOHNSTON: Absolutely
not natural.
I have geologists--
>>NOORY: This is amazing, Ken.
>>JOHNSTON: And the
nice thing about it
is those domes, if you look
at Tchaikovsky is basically
24 nautical miles across and
you're looking at these domes,
and they have to be at least
as big as the Astrodome
or-- and opaque from being
illuminated from the inside.
So I think we've got the goods.
We've got the truth.
>>NOORY: I love it.
I want to get into
Mars in a second,
but this hat fascinates me.
You're a veteran, of course.
>>JOHNSTON: Of course.
>>NOORY: A Marine.
I was in the Navy.
>>JOHNSTON: There you go.
You got us there.
>>NOORY: Let me tell, you're
proud of this, aren't you?
>>JOHNSTON: Absolutely.
Very proud of it.
>>NOORY: Good for you.
Good for you.
And thank you for
your service, too.
>>JOHNSTON: My response to that
to other people is I thank them
for keeping the lights
burning back at home for us--
>>NOORY: Yes.
>>JOHNSTON: --because not
everybody had the opportunity
to go.
Not everybody was qualified.
>>NOORY: Mars.
>>JOHNSTON: Yes, sir.
>>NOORY: Now there's talk
of sending humans to Mars.
>>JOHNSTON: Yes.
>>NOORY: On a one-way mission.
>>JOHNSTON: Mhm.
>>NOORY: They're
not coming back.
>>JOHNSTON: Right.
>>NOORY: You were
part of that program.
What happened?
>>JOHNSTON: Well, I think
the funniest part about it
is my wife rides a train
from Belen to Santa Fe,
and it's a two-hour
trip every day.
And she's listening
to-- on her cell phone
or whatever, and it's talking
about the Mars One corporation
is looking for people to go
one way to colonize Mars.
>>NOORY: Volunteers, right?
>>JOHNSTON: Volunteers.
One-way.
And she calls me, says,
if you still want to go,
you'd better get your
application in now.
So--
>>NOORY: She wanted you to go
to a one-way mission to Mars?
>>JOHNSTON: I jokingly
say my wife signed me
up to go one way.
But no.
Years later-- well, a few
years later-- this was 2014.
And I had three days to
get my application in,
and a video and the whole bit.
And, oh, they were
just proud as heck
to have me at 70
years old at the time.
>>NOORY: 70 years old,
you applied to go to Mars.
>>JOHNSTON: And I was accepted.
They sent me to Switzerland
and Poland and all
over the United States,
places to promote the Mars
One program.
And all the time, they were
saying we're recruiting people
from the ages of 18 to 80.
Well, I was only 70.
>>NOORY: Yeah, you
had 10 years on 'em.
>>JOHNSTON: Right.
And so when they cut the list
down from 202,000 volunteers
to 11,000 to 1,000
to 700 down to 600.
Finally-- and my name's
right there in the list
all the way until they
get down to the final 100
to going to go into training.
And then my name is dropped.
So I got my friend, and
we went through the list.
There were none of them over 60.
They were all under 60.
>>NOORY: Were you disappointed?
>>JOHNSTON: I was devastated,
because that has happened
to me three times in my life.
And there-- my
whole life, when you
go through my autobiography
you'll find out
there has to have
been some guidance
to get me at the various
places and things.
>>NOORY: Well, when you think
of it, Ken, you're 70 years old.
By the time we really get
men and women to Mars--
>>JOHNSTON: I
would have been 80.
>>NOORY: You'll be
80, 85, 90, who knows.
>>JOHNSTON: But you see, I'm
dyslexic, and I'm only 37 now.
So I still--
>>NOORY: They don't
see it that way.
>>JOHNSTON: No, they didn't.
No, they didn't.
>>NOORY: So I can understand
the way they were thinking.
>>JOHNSTON: Yeah.
But it--
>>NOORY: But you
would have gone.
>>JOHNSTON: Oh, I was
going-- I will still go.
>>NOORY: Where would
you have lived?
In some kind of bubble?
>>JOHNSTON: The same
thing that we have--
>>NOORY: I would have
been bored out of my mind.
>>JOHNSTON: --on the moon-- same
thing we have on-- well, true.
But then think, you've
got a whole planet
to start exploring
and learning from.
And that gets us into do we
already have bases on Mars?
>>NOORY: Do we?
>>JOHNSTON: I'm doing
my research right now,
getting into it.
And there are many,
many pictures from Mars
where you can see
where they've smudged
out things, where
they've painted over
with pixels and things.
And there-- everyone from
President Eisenhower's
granddaughters talking
about the fact that of our
setting up bases and being
invited to be one of them.
So that wouldn't
surprise me a bit.
In fact, I would be more
surprised if we don't
have our own bases on Mars.
>>NOORY: I want to
take a quick look
at a little clip from
the movie "The Martian"
just to give us all
a little idea what it
would be like living on Mars.
Take a look at this.
[VIDEO PLAYBACK]
>>I guarantee you
that, at some point,
everything is gonna
go south on you.
>>Ready?
[EXPLOSION]
>>And you're gonna
say, this is it.
>>[INAUDIBLE]
>>This is how I end.
>>Commander, Mark is dead.
>>We have to go now.
>>Now you can
either accept that--
>>[GRUNTS]
>>Or you can get to work.
It's gonna be four years for
another mission to reach me,
and I'm in a Hab
designed to last 31 days.
So I gotta make water
and grow food on a planet
where nothing grows.
I am the greatest
botanist on this planet.
And I never stop
fighting to make it home.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
[END PLAYBACK]
>>NOORY: So we just saw
that Matt Damon was on Mars.
He was trapped there.
He could not get back
to Earth until they
sent a rescue mission to
him, which takes time.
>>JOHNSTON: Yes.
>>NOORY: And in the movie,
if people have seen it,
the Chinese step up to
the plate and help us out,
because we didn't
have the rocket
to be able to go to
Mars at that time.
>>JOHNSTON: At that time, right.
>>NOORY: At that time.
>>JOHNSTON: Right.
>>NOORY: So but they
rescue him, and I'm not
going to tell everybody
the end of the movie,
but that's realistic.
What we saw is pretty realistic.
>>JOHNSTON: Unless you happen
to be one of the people who
have been involved in
space, and you understand
that 1/3 of Earth's
gravity would
be a lot different
than what they
were portraying in the
movie, and the fact
that on the Martian
surface the equivalent of--
is at least being at
150,000 feet altitude.
And a 100-mile-an-hour wind
would be like going [BLOWING].
It wouldn't be enough
to knock you down.
But here they're showing that
it knocked down the antenna--
>>NOORY: Almost like a tornado.
>>JOHNSTON: Yeah.
And--
>>NOORY: So a little
Hollywood in there.
>>JOHNSTON: Oh, a
lot of Hollywood,
but it was a lot of fun.
It was a lot of fun for a movie.
I enjoyed it.
And the way he had to survive
and do things was very clever.
>>NOORY: Bottom
line is that there
are going to be humans
that will go to Mars
that will not come back.
>>JOHNSTON: Correct.
>>NOORY: Will they
have babies there?
Children?
>>JOHNSTON: Eventually.
And with Mars One
and Mars Society,
initially they do not want
people to procreate on Mars,
until we get enough of a colony
going and-- SpaceX Corporation,
they're talking about
when they go in '35, 2035,
they want to be able to
send 100 people to get
past that 100th monkey
thing at any rate,
so that we have enough
that we can then
have a colony capable
of supporting new life.
And that's what getting to
Mars is going to give us,
an alternative in the
event a comet or something
hits the Earth and wipes out
civilization as we know it.
At least we will have the human
genome on another planet that
can start out all over again.
>>NOORY: Why would people want
to live on Mars when they have
this wonderful opportunity to
live on this gorgeous planet we
call Earth?
>>JOHNSTON: Why did
people risk falling off
the side of the
earth on flat earth
to come across the Atlantic
to colonize North America?
>>NOORY: Yeah, but they're
still on the planet.
>>JOHNSTON: True.
But then back then, it was
just as much of a chance,
that they knew they weren't
going to be coming back.
They were going one way.
>>NOORY: It was a
one-way mission.
>>JOHNSTON: But it was a lot--
they had a lot more work.
But then again, there's
a lot more on Mars
than what we've been shown.
And in a lot of the
pictures and things
that I'm getting from
people, particularly some
of the vegetation things down
near the south pole of Mars,
as well as now NASA admits
that there is flowing
water, very highly brine.
But then there's a lot
more water on Mars.
And we've got to have the water
in order to be able to survive.
So we're-- I think we're
getting at the point now where
we're ready to go and
start colonizing Mars.
>>NOORY: And then we'll
Terraform Mars, won't we?
>>JOHNSTON: That is--
>>NOORY: We'll create
an atmosphere, right?
>>JOHNSTON: Mars Society
demonstrates that whole plan.
In fact, their flag is red
Mars, green Mars, and blue Mars.
So when Mars is back
with the water--
>>NOORY: [INAUDIBLE].
>>JOHNSTON: --lakes and
things-- absolutely.
>>NOORY: --everything else.
>>JOHNSTON: So-- so--
>>NOORY: Let's look
at some pictures, Ken.
I'm gonna have you explain to
us what we are looking at here.
>>JOHNSTON: Ah.
>>NOORY: OK, so what's that?
>>JOHNSTON: That is the
Apollo 15 command module.
And it's got its service
module connected to the command
module pointing straight down.
And I'm explaining this to my
artist friend, Brett Shepard,
and he on the other side
says, look to the left.
You see where the little
x is from-- that's
on the lens of the cameras
taking the pictures.
Look slightly just
below the tip of that x,
and you can see an alien base.
And I was flabbergasted
that I had never seen
that in 40-something years.
And the fact that
I had the pictures
in 35-millimeter slides that
were made from the originals
that I kept in my archive
is the only reason
you're able to see that today.
Because you order that
same photo, AS15-88--
>>NOORY: It's not there.
>>JOHNSTON: It's gone.
>>NOORY: Yeah.
>>JOHNSTON: It's
been smudged out.
But you can tell
it's been doctored.
>>NOORY: Well, and that brings
up another question, Ken.
And that is, why
doctor the photographs?
Why not say there are
alien bases on the moon?
>>JOHNSTON: Well
hopefully, we're at a point
now where they can admit that.
And I'm hoping that me coming
forward with the archive--
and I've been told that
people says, oh my gosh,
he does have all
that information.
They're shocked that I actually
had kept all of this data.
And the only way that
they can come forward
and say, yes, we doctored
it because we were told to--
and this goes all the way back
to President Eisenhower, when
he requested the Brookings
Institute-- for people who
don't know, that's like the MIT
is today, it was back then--
and they were asked
to-- what would
be the effect on
our society if we
were to discover the existence
of extraterrestrial life.
And they came back after
their research, they said,
you'll probably find it on Mars,
on the earth, or on the moon.
But you can't make it
public, because the public
can't deal with it.
And I think a perfect example--
>>NOORY: Which I think we can.
>>JOHNSTON: Well, now we can.
>>NOORY: Now we can.
>>JOHNSTON: But look what
happened when HG Wells did
the world on the world--
>>NOORY: People panicked.
>>JOHNSTON: People panicked,
jumped off buildings,
and committed suicide.
>>NOORY: Well, the way
he did it, you know.
>>JOHNSTON: Yeah.
>>NOORY: They're coming,
they're taking us, they're--
>>JOHNSTON: It was
dramatic for the radio.
>>NOORY: It was like a war.
>>JOHNSTON: Very
dramatic for the radio.
>>NOORY: Now here's another one.
Kind of hard to see here, but--
>>JOHNSTON: Well because
that's been blown up a lot.
Now, people who've gone to the
balloon fiesta, hot air balloon
fiesta, and they know that
they launched the nitrogen.
And interesting enough, the moon
is flooded with nitrogen 3--
or helium 3, excuse me.
Helium 3.
Now, when you zoom
in like we have here,
that looks like a gondola
balloon of some sort.
But you'll see the cable
connected to the base of it
on-- inside this crater.
And it goes up the side of the
wall to the edge of the crater.
And Brett Shepard and I were
studying the original picture
just two days
before I came here,
and it looks like
the cable actually
goes into a dark black
area, like it's going
into a building of some sort.
>>NOORY: Or a
crevice or something?
>>JOHNSTON: Well no, it's
actually a perfect square door
when you look at it.
And it's not in
this particular--
>>NOORY: Who would have launched
that if it was a balloon?
>>JOHNSTON: Well,
either that, or I--
we're only theorizing,
because we don't know exactly
what alien technology is.
But it's something that
is-- 1/6 of Earth's gravity
is able to form a
balloon-type structure.
>>NOORY: That's weird.
>>JOHNSTON: And that's
just one of them.
And there are other
pictures I have
where it shows
cables or beams that
have been dropped along
the side of a mountain,
curving right along the edge
of the mountain up to the top.
Now here's the
actual photograph.
Look at in the middle,
slightly to the bottom.
You'll see the
little bubble there.
That's the crater that it's
being supported or launched in.
And up against the wall behind
the little bubble-- by the way,
this was earthrise on
Apollo 15 as they've just
fired the engines--
you know, getting
ready to fire the engines to go
trans earth back to the earth.
>>NOORY: Well what's that on
the right that looks like stars?
>>JOHNSTON: That's
damage that was
done to the 35-millimeter
slide sitting
inside a carousel for 40 years.
And so I originally thought
maybe that was another thing.
Now again, now here
are the-- you have
the earthrise, which is great.
But stars and things that
have already been painted out.
>>NOORY: And we're
looking at the earth?
>>JOHNSTON: You're
looking at the earthrise
there in the middle.
>>NOORY: Looks like an
eclipse of the earth, huh?
>>JOHNSTON: Well of
course, because that's
the angle of where the
moon was at that time,
and the angle of where
the sun was with respect
to the earth and the moon.
So the earth-- from the moon,
the earth goes through phases,
just like the moon does for us.
OK, now--
>>NOORY: OK, here we are.
>>JOHNSTON: This is a good one.
Notice that you see
his antenna sticking up
on his left side of his
portable life support system.
That's the key there.
That's still there.
Look up above, and
you'll see there-- now,
if you analyze the actual
photographs that I have,
the originals-- not in that
one, excuse me, but one of it,
you can see where they painted
out all the stars around,
but they actually--
some of the people who
were tasked with painting out
things on the horizon, things
they didn't want
us to see obviously
felt like they needed
to let stuff slip
or come through, because we're
finding evidence where they
either very lightly brushed
over things or, in this case,
painted all the way around
that particular thing that's
up in the horizon-- up in
the sky, the lunar sky.
>>NOORY: Those two little
dots you're talking about?
>>JOHNSTON: It's actually--
it's a whole cluster.
And it looks a lot
like-- my editor
says it looks like
the original Star Trek
movie, "The Trouble
with Tribbles,"
their little space station,
when you look at that,
it looks exactly like an alien
space station that is there.
And we have found that same
image in other pictures
in my archive.
>>NOORY: Ken, if these are real,
these anomalies that we see out
there--
>>JOHNSTON: OK.
>>NOORY: --to me,
the moon then must be
teeming with things like that.
Was it a little more capable
of supporting life or something
a long time ago?
Because it's pretty barren.
Why would you set up
a base on the moon
when you're so close to Earth?
What's there?
>>JOHNSTON: Well,
we know that there's
water on the moon in the
south polar region area in one
of the craters.
So we know there was water
on the moon at one time.
I've had discussions with people
talking about-- particularly
when we first started sending
satellites to the moon
and they would go
behind the moon
and they would show up coming
on the other side not where we
expected them to show up.
And part of that was what
they called mass cons,
mass concentration of metals.
And whenever we-- once
we would land on the moon
and we would launch
the command--
the lunar module to
come back in orbit,
once we finished transferring
everything in the command
module, we would
fire the rockets
and cause the lunar
module to come back down
and impact on the moon.
When we did that, we
had seismic equipment
set out in the [INAUDIBLE]
lunar surface [INAUDIBLE].
>>NOORY: Kind of
pinged, didn't it?
>>JOHNSTON: Oh, it
rang for six days.
>>NOORY: Like a bell.
>>JOHNSTON: Like a bell.
So which brings people to say,
well, an awful lot of the moon
has to be hollow.
And the moon is an
anomaly in itself,
being so large for
such a small planet.
It's the largest planetary
moon, if you will,
in our solar system.
>>NOORY: Some people say
it was towed into place.
>>JOHNSTON: This is
another theory possibility.
>>NOORY: Interesting.
>>JOHNSTON: So there
may well be some ability
to survive a lot better
than what we had to do.
>>NOORY: We have some
e-mails in here for you.
>>JOHNSTON: Oh, good.
>>NOORY: Jason from West
Palm Beach, Florida.
Was there ever a point where
you feared for your own life
in the space program?
>>JOHNSTON: Just very shortly.
And this was after 1995,
when there was a group of us
at Boeing.
Now mind you, we didn't
have e-mails and things
in those days.
We had inter-office
mail envelopes.
And we called ourselves
the majestic 12.
I don't know where
we got that name.
But what we would do is anyone
were to pick up any newspaper
article or a thing having
to do with UFOs [INAUDIBLE]
we'd send everybody in our
little group a copy of it.
Well, by that we also
would review various books
and things.
There was a book that came
out on monuments on Mars.
And the gentleman who
wrote that, Mr. Rich C.
Hoagland was at Seattle.
And now I was a 737 flight
instructor at the time,
and I didn't have a flight
training that night.
So one of my friends
called me, says, hey,
Richard's going to be
down at the coliseum.
Why don't you go down
there and see him
and get your book autographed.
And I always like to get the
book autographed by the author.
>>NOORY: Sure.
>>JOHNSTON: I went
down and I thought,
well, I better-- because
he'd been asking,
there are bound to be
people out there that
have saved data and records
and pictures and things
that they need to come
forward before they're gone.
And I took that
as an invitation.
So I wrote up a little
letter, I have this, that,
and everything.
Went into there and walked
up to the desk where
the ladies were and
I said, oh, here's
a letter for Mr. Hoagland
She's reading the letter,
she looks at me, and
she says, you're just
who we've been looking for.
And I'm thinking,
uh-oh, I'm in trouble.
So in a couple
minutes, he comes back
and he says-- he looks
at it and he says,
come and sit in the front row.
And the next morning,
they came to my house
and started going
through my archive.
And my archive
became the control,
because mine were originals
off the original negatives.
And he would get letters and
things like that from people
asking questions
and saying, well,
look at this picture
I got from NASA.
What is it?
And they would compare it
to mine and they'd say,
well, yeah, there's something
there, or no, it's not.
>>NOORY: Why did you
decide to come forward?
>>JOHNSTON: Because so many of
my friends and acquaintance--
as I said, I was the youngest
of all of the civilian astronaut
consultant pilots,
test pilot types,
although I didn't go
through test pilot school,
but we were civilians.
And so many of them have died
that I know had information.
Bill [? Pollack ?]
was one that I
think was fascinating,
that he was
involved in putting in the
security system at Dulce.
And he came forward and did
a couple interviews on it.
So I got to worrying about
I don't want anything
to die with me.
And when I say this, and since
Hoagland and his team and all
started talking about how
important it was that we keep
it-- get it public as quick
as we could before something
could happen to
me, so they set up
and had me go to Washington,
DC, and speak before the world
press.
And I think the last time
was in 2007, which was
the second time we did that.
And by the way, that
was an exciting thing,
because they set me up.
After we did the
press conference,
they took me over to
the Smithsonian Museum.
And I'm giving a talk,
going by the giant mural.
We've gone from
cave mens to flying
by airplanes for the first, to
rockets and going to the moon.
And around the corner, there it
sets-- LTA8, lunar test article
number eight.
My spacecraft that I
have over 3,000 hours
testing in it sitting in
the-- And all of a sudden,
it just, like, threw a switch.
And I'm going around telling
what everything is on it.
And there's about 50 people
in the museum crowding,
following the
photographer that's
videotaping the whole thing.
So it was fascinating
to be able to do that.
So yeah, people
have come after me.
But what they do is, if
they can't-- if they can't--
>>NOORY: They can't shoot
holes through you, can they?
>>JOHNSTON: They can't shoot
holes through the truth,
so they go shooting
at the individual.
Oh, well, he was never there.
Well, OK, here's the phonebook.
Here's the directory.
Here I am.
Well, he didn't do this.
He wasn't a lunar-- well
here's from the director, Brian
[? Erb, ?] the director there.
And he's accommodating me.
Here they gave me $1,000
bonus for doing this.
You know, you can't fight truth.
>>NOORY: Ken, I see you
dressed up in official garb.
You were there.
>>JOHNSTON: Yes, sir.
>>NOORY: You were
a witness to this.
>>JOHNSTON: That's true.
>>NOORY: And if I'm wrong,
and if you're wrong,
we need to cart
you away somewhere
and put you in a home.
>>JOHNSTON: Well, I'll
save a room next to you.
>>NOORY: Amazing.
>>JOHNSTON: That's amazing.
Yeah.
>>NOORY: One more
e-mail here for us.
And that's from Shelley
from Ogden, Utah.
She says, was there
anyone else that
knew you had all the data
when you decided to go public?
>>JOHNSTON: The only person
knew was my wife, and my two
children.
>>NOORY: And she was
supportive of all this?
>>JOHNSTON: Yes.
She's-- fact, at that, in the
book you'll find while we were
looking at other pictures,
she said, by the way,
what is this that's reflected
in the astronaut's visor?
>>NOORY: Sure.
>>JOHNSTON: And that
became the key there.
If you want to know what
NASA didn't want you to see,
look in the visor of the
one being photographed.
Because you'll
see-- in the visor,
you'll see the astronaut taking
the picture in the back of it,
and anything that's
in horizon up there
they didn't paint out, because
it's reflecting in his visor.
So yeah, she's been
supportive all the way.
And we've had moments when we
were concerned when they've
come after me, attacking me
personally, my life, my career,
and everything else.
And all we do is-- I
don't do it anymore.
I don't even play the
game with the attack
dogs, the people that go
out after you, because I
don't have to.
There are enough people that
have seen all the evidence,
and they go out after them.
And I'll let them do the work.
>>NOORY: Ken, if we're
being visited, where do you
think they're coming from?
>>JOHNSTON: You've touched
on it a little bit.
It could be ourselves
coming back.
And again, this is
just pure theory.
I have studied a lot of Dr.
Zecharia Sitchin's works,
and I have a doctorate
degree in theology.
And I've studied almost all the
major religions in the world.
And I can see where, if you
take the different religions
and you look at how they
could claim we were formed,
and you look at the ancient
Sumerian texts as well as
the Indians, we are the aliens.
We are.
>>NOORY: We are the aliens.
>>JOHNSTON: Our DNA
has been manipulated.
And I've come to believe
that very strongly,
that we were part of
what was evolving,
if you want to use evolving,
here on this planet
until it became necessary
to tweak our DNA.
And I'm comfortable.
I'm comfortable with coming
forward and saying that.
>>NOORY: So the theories
are it could have been us--
>>JOHNSTON: Yeah.
>>NOORY: It could
be extraterrestrials
from other planetary systems.
They could be coming
from other universes.
>>JOHNSTON: True.
>>NOORY: Could be
all of the above.
>>JOHNSTON: And probably is a
combination of all the above.
>>NOORY: Where do people
get the book "Ken's Moon?"
>>JOHNSTON: Oh, it just
came out two days ago.
You can go to
KenJohnstonMedia.com--
>>NOORY: Spell that
name for us, Ken.
>>JOHNSTON: Ken, K-E-N,
J-O-H-N-S-T-O-N, media.
M-E-D-- there.
Oh, what's the big one where
you order books all the time?
>>NOORY: Amazon.
>>JOHNSTON: Amazon.
It's on Amazon.
>>NOORY: Of course.
>>JOHNSTON: In fact, that it
came out just two days ago
and they've already
sold 10 of them.
So I guess the
word's getting out.
>>NOORY: Good.
Ken, in your opinion, is
there a secret space program?
>>JOHNSTON: The
short answer is yes.
And I think the evidence is
in the film and the pictures
coming back from Mars where
you can see that they've
gone in and brushed out.
And there are a few
that they have missed.
And as I said, my graphics
illustrator, Brett Shepard,
has those.
And we're-- he's coming out now
with a publication of his own
soon which will show that.
Yeah.
>>NOORY: Don't you think
it's foolish on their part
to hide these things?
>>JOHNSTON: It is now.
Because like
[? low in ?] the moon,
you've got Hubble
looking at it there.
And we've got people all over
the earth watching everything
transmitted back from Mars.
The biggest problem we
have right now with ISS
is that the government
tries to cancel our-- turn
off the switch so we don't
get the direct feed every time
something comes close to
the space station up there.
There is so much happening
that it's almost impossible
to keep the cat in the bag.
>>NOORY: In your opinion, why
did the Soviets, the Russians,
stop their program after being
so aggressive in the beginning?
>>JOHNSTON: Because--
well, I think
it is because once
you've lost the race
and you've got the
whole economy that they
had to try to do and keep
up with our kind of economy,
it was just totally destructive
to their whole structure.
>>NOORY: Ken, thanks for
being on the program.
>>JOHNSTON: Real pleasure.
>>NOORY: And more importantly,
thanks for coming forward
with this information.
>>JOHNSTON: Thank you.
Might say, the other people
out there, get it forward.
The time is now.
It's time for the
self-disclosure.
People are ready for it.
Let's make it happen.
>>NOORY: We call the program
"Beyond Belief" because
of people like Ken
Johnston, who come forward
with information that
truly is out of this world.
Thanks for watching.
[THEME MUSIC]